Before you sign my death - warrant , be sure that you are yourself safe . "  These motives urged me to comply with his demand .  His tale had occupied the whole day , and the sun was upon the verge of the horizon when he departed .  These were wild and miserable thoughts , but I cannot describe to you how the eternal twinkling of the stars weighed upon me and how I listened to every blast of wind as if it were a dull ugly siroc on its way to consume me .  " Surely it is not the custom of Englishmen to receive strangers so inhospitably . "  " And now , with the world before me , whither should I bend my steps ?  My organs were indeed harsh , but supple ; and although my voice was very unlike the soft music of their tones , yet I pronounced such words as I understood with tolerable ease .  The saintly soul of Elizabeth shone like a shrine - dedicated lamp in our peaceful home .  I trembled and my heart failed within me , when , on looking up , I saw by the light of the moon the daemon at the casement .  It was to be decided whether the result of my curiosity and lawless devices would cause the death of two of my fellow beings : one a smiling babe full of innocence and joy , the other far more dreadfully murdered , with every aggravation of infamy that could make the murder memorable in horror .  Death snatches away many blooming children , the only hopes of their doting parents ; how many brides and youthful lovers have been one day in the bloom of health and hope , and the next a prey for worms and the decay of the tomb !  In this house I chanced to find a volume of the works of Cornelius Agrippa .  I wished , as it were , to procrastinate all that related to my feelings of affection until the great object , which swallowed up every habit of my nature , should be completed .  I relied on your innocence , and although I was then very wretched , I was not so miserable as I am now . "  I mentioned in my last letter the fears I entertained of a mutiny .  " Elizabeth Lavenza .  No father could claim the gratitude of his child so completely as I should deserve theirs .  I cannot describe the delight I felt when I learned the ideas appropriated to each of these sounds and was able to pronounce them .  " It was on one of these days , when my cottagers periodically rested from labour - - the old man played on his guitar , and the children listened to him - - that I observed the countenance of Felix was melancholy beyond expression ; he sighed frequently , and once his father paused in his music , and I conjectured by his manner that he inquired the cause of his son ' s sorrow .  Oh , surely the spirit that inhabits and guards this place has a soul more in harmony with man than those who pile the glacier or retire to the inaccessible peaks of the mountains of our own country . "  I mentioned in my last letter the fears I entertained of a mutiny .  To die so miserably ; to feel the murderer ' s grasp !  I asked , it is true , for greater treasures than a little food or rest : I required kindness and sympathy ; but I did not believe myself utterly unworthy of it .  Six years had elapsed , passed in a dream but for one indelible trace , and I stood in the same place where I had last embraced my father before my departure for Ingolstadt .  " I will exert myself , and if it is in my power to seize the monster , be assured that he shall suffer punishment proportionate to his crimes .  The wet wood which I had placed near the heat dried and itself became inflamed .  There were women weeping around ; I hung over it and joined my sad tears to theirs ; all this time no distinct idea presented itself to my mind , but my thoughts rambled to various subjects , reflecting confusedly on my misfortunes and their cause .  The season of the assizes approached .  I do not intend to sail until the month of June ; and when shall I return ?  It was during an access of this kind that I suddenly left my home , and bending my steps towards the near Alpine valleys , sought in the magnificence , the eternity of such scenes , to forget myself and my ephemeral , because human , sorrows .  The servants were gone to a neighbouring fair .  September 5th  For this purpose I will preserve my life ; to execute this dear revenge will I again behold the sun and tread the green herbage of earth , which otherwise should vanish from my eyes forever .  Chapter 2  My own strength is exhausted , and I must tell , in a few words , what remains of my hideous narration .  The figure passed me quickly , and I lost it in the gloom .  But she will be tried today , and you will then hear all . "  But on you only had I any claim for pity and redress , and from you I determined to seek that justice which I vainly attempted to gain from any other being that