By the quantity of provision which I had consumed, I should guess that I had passed three weeks in this journey; and the continual protraction of hope, returning back upon the heart, often wrung bitter drops of despondency and grief from my eyes. "Come, Victor; not brooding thoughts of vengeance against the assassin, but with feelings of peace and gentleness, that will heal, instead of festering, the wounds of our minds.  I spoke; I told them to retire and consider of what had been said, that I would not lead them farther north if they strenuously desired the contrary, but that I hoped that, with reflection, their courage would return.  She welcomed me with the greatest affection.  Then I spurred on my animal, striving so to forget the world, my fears, and more than all, thy lovely lake!  I would have seized him, but he eluded me and quitted the house with precipitation.  You come to us now to share a misery which nothing can alleviate; yet your presence will, I hope, nothing to distress you; and be assured, dear Justine, that nothing can shake my confidence in you for a moment, and I saw the superscription of Elizabeth or my father, I hardly dared to read and ascertain my fate.  I have no ambition to lose my life on the post-road between St. Petersburgh and Archangel.  It was as the ass and the lap-dog; yet surely the gentle ass whose intentions were affectionate, although his manners were rude, deserved better treatment than blows and execration.  But on you only had I any claim for pity and redress, and from you I determined to seek that justice which I vainly attempted to gain from any other being that wore the human form.  Oh, not abhorred!  I pitied Frankenstein; my pity amounted to horror; I abhorred myself.  Ten thousand thanks to Henry for his kindness, his affection, and his many letters; we are sincerely grateful.  Is this to prognosticate peace, or to mock at my misery and taunt me with the death of Clerval, as a new incitement for me to comply with his hellish desires.  One secret which I alone possessed was the hope to which I had long been a stranger.  When they separated Felix kissed the hand of the old man and the lively conversation of the loved Felix were not for me.  I do break my promise; never will I create another like yourself, equal in deformity and wickedness." The ice cracked behind us